[core] Update release docs and scripts (#1245)
mui/base-ui: scripts/README.md

2. Clean the generated changelog:
   1. Match the format of https://github.com/mui/material-ui/releases.
   2. Change the packages names casing to be lowercase if applicable
3. Update the root `/package.json`'s version.
4. Run `pnpm release:version`. Keep the package versions of stable public packages the same as the root `package.json` version.
5. Open PR with changes and wait for review and green CI.
6. Merge PR once CI is green and it has been approved.

### Release the packages

1. Checkout the last version of the release branch.
2. `pnpm install && pnpm release:build` (make sure you have the latest dependencies installed, and build the packages).
3. `pnpm release:publish` (release the versions on npm, you need your 2FA device).
4. `pnpm release:tag` (push the newly created tag).

> Tip: You can use `release:publish:dry-run` to test the release process without actually publishing the packages.

> > Be sure install [verdaccio](https://verdaccio.org/) (local npm registry) before doing it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Make sure to have [verdaccio](https://verdaccio.org/) (local npm registry) installed before doing it.
```

### Publish the documentation

The documentation must be updated on the `docs-vX` branch (`docs-v1` for `v1.X` releases, `docs-v2` for `v2.X` releases, etc.)

Push the working branch to the documentation release branch to deploy the documentation with the latest changes:

<!-- #default-branch-switch -->

```bash

> pnpm docs:deploy

Author: Makes this resilient to docs versioning. We struggled a bit with this on X.

Reviewer: There's no need for the `default-branch-switch` comment anymore after this change
